Docs 5261 sns dh (#356)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amazon/amazon-sns-connector-studio.adoc

+
[%header,cols="30a,70a",width=80%]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|*Name* |Enter a name for the configuration to reference it.
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account.
|*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password.
|*Try Default AWS Credentials Provider Chain* |Checkbox that controls whether temporary credentials should be used.
|*Region Endpoint*| Set the topic region endpoint.
|*Globally Defined Default Topic Arn* |Topic ARN to test the connectivity.
|===
+
You can either enter your credentials into the global configuration properties or reference a configuration placed in a file in the `src` folder of your project file that contains these values. For simpler maintenance and better reuse of your project, MuleSoft recommends that you use a configuration file.
+
. Leave the default entries for the *Proxy* and *Advanced* tabs.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that the parameters of your global configuration are accurate, and that Mule is able to successfully connect to your instance of Amazon SNS.
. Click *OK* to save the global connector configurations.

== Configure an Input Source

> Configure an input source for the connector such as an *HTTP Listener* or *Scheduler*.

Reviewer: Move this section to the top. It's useless in this position.

= Amazon SNS Studio Configuration - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

> To configure a connector in Anypoint Studio:

Reviewer 2: This introduction is not quite correct, because "configure" is just one of the tasks listed below...so these are not the steps to configure but rather the steps to install and configure....

. Install the connector.
. Configure an input source for the connector.

> . Configure the connector

Reviewer 2: These three tasks should be listed in the same order in which they are described subsequently. 
Also, consider mentioning here that you can install the connector in either of two ways.
Finally, end the third item with a periond:
```suggestion
. Configure the connector.
```

== Configure an Input Source

Configure an input source for the connector such as an *HTTP Listener* or *Scheduler*.

> 

Reviewer 2: OMIT. This does not belong here.

[[install-connector]]
== Install the Connector in Studio Using Exchange

> 

Reviewer 2: I have mentioned this in the template as well: there are two ways to install the connector, which could be mentioned in the initial list of three tasks. 
Additionally, we want to have a transition text, even just one sentence, between a (sub)title and Step 1 of its task.
Consider adding something here about when the user might choose to use Exchange instead of using Studio.

. In Studio, create a Mule project.

> . Click the Exchange *(X)* icon in the Studio task bar.

Reviewer 2: In the connector docs I have seen so far, "*(X)*" has always appeared as "*x*". Please discuss with team and standardize to one presentation; update the template to conform to that decision.

Author: I will discuss this.

. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, search for *Amazon SNS Connector*.

> . Select *Amazon SNS Connector*, and click *Add to project*.

Reviewer 2: No comma:
```suggestion
. Select *Amazon SNS Connector* and click *Add to project*.
```

. Follow the prompts to install the connector.

== Install the Connector in Studio

> 

Reviewer 2: DITTO re. transition text

. In Studio, create a Mule Project.

> . In the Mule Palette, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.

Reviewer 2: I have suggested that "palette" be lowercased, unless it is labeled "Mule Palette" in the UI. GLOBAL.

Does the UI actually show the label "(X) Search in Exchange"?

. In *Add Modules to Project*, type the name of the connector in the search field.
. Click the connector name in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

== Configure an Input Source

> Configure an input source for the connector such as an *HTTP Listener* or *Scheduler*.

Reviewer 2: comma:
```suggestion
Configure an input source for the connector, such as an *HTTP Listener* or *Scheduler*.
```

== Configure the Connector

To use Amazon SNS Connector in your Mule app, configure a global Amazon SNS element that can be used by all Amazon SNS Connectors in the application.

> . Drag and drop a connector operation into the Studio canvas.

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY replace "drag and drop" with "drag" only:
```suggestion
. Drag a connector operation to the Studio canvas.
```

> . To create a global element for the connector, click the *Global Elements* tab at the base of the canvas, and then click *Create*.

Reviewer 2: The first part of this sentence is unnecessary because it is repeated by the actions in the second:
```suggestion
. Click the *Global Elements* tab at the base of the canvas, and then click *Create*.
```

. In the *Choose Global Type* window, expand *Connector Configuration*, and click *Amazon SNS configuration*:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-config-global-wizard.png[Global Element Configuration Wizard]
+
. Click *OK*.
. Specify the global element properties:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-global-config.png[Global Element Properties]
+

> . Configure the parameters as follows.

Reviewer 2: colon before list items, tables, graphics, and syntax examples:
```suggestion
. Configure the parameters as follows:
```

> +

Reviewer 2: I have suggested this for the template as well: any table that comprises an item and its definition or description (just two columns) should be replaced by a definition list. 
Please refer to the style reference.

[%header,cols="30a,70a",width=80%]
|===

> |Parameter |Description

Reviewer 2: "Description" texts should be just that: a description, not an imperative statement. See following wording substitutions to achieve parallelism.

> |*Name* |Enter a name for the configuration to reference it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|*Name* |Name by which the configuration is referenced
```
Note that there is no period, because this is NOT a sentence.

> |*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account.

Reviewer 2: No period:
```suggestion
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account
```

> |*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password.

Reviewer 2: ditto

> |*Try Default AWS Credentials Provider Chain* |Checkbox that controls whether temporary credentials should be used.

Reviewer 2: ditto

> |*Region Endpoint*| Set the topic region endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|*Region Endpoint*| Topic region endpoint
```

> |*Globally Defined Default Topic Arn* |Topic ARN to test the connectivity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|*Globally Defined Default Topic Arn* |Topic ARN for testing connectivity
```

|===
+

> You can either enter your credentials into the global configuration properties or reference a configuration placed in a file in the `src` folder of your project file that contains these values. For simpler maintenance and better reuse of your project, MuleSoft recommends that you use a configuration file.

Reviewer 2: Is this sentence supposed to follow the parameter definition list as part of the configuration step?
I think that we need to make more clear that this refers to specific parameters in the previous list, as an alternative to specifying them.
If we recommend using a config. file in /src, then we should state that instead of providing the parameter/description alternatives, and before the list.

Reviewer 2: Something like this...:
```suggestion
For simpler maintenance and better reuse of your project, instead of providing values for *Name*, *Access Key*, and *Secret Key*, create a configuration that contains these values and place it in the  `src` folder of your project file.
```

+

> . Leave the default entries for the *Proxy* and *Advanced* tabs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Retain the default entries for the *Proxy* and *Advanced* tabs.
```

> . Click *Test Connection* to confirm that the parameters of your global configuration are accurate, and that Mule is able to successfully connect to your instance of Amazon SNS.

Reviewer 2: Consider ending this step at "*Test Connection*, which is pretty self-explanatory....

> . Click *OK* to save the global connector configurations.

Reviewer 2: ditto: end after *OK*.
